THE BRAINFUCK PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
----------------------------------

A Brainfuck program controls a machine consisting of a tape (an infinite array
of cells, initialized to 0) and a tape head (a pointer to a cell).

A program is constructed of the following eight ASCII characters:

  +   Increments the cell referenced by the tape head
  -   Decrements the cell referenced by the tape head
  >   Increments the tape head
  <   Decrements the tape head
  .   Writes the value in the cell referenced by the tape head as a byte
  ,   Reads a byte and stores it at the cell referenced by the tape head
  [   If the current cell is zero, jumps to the matching closing bracket.
  ]   If the current cell is nonzero, jumps to the matching opening bracket.

Any other bytes encountered in the source code are ignored; they are explicitly
allowed to serve as commentary.

IMPLEMENTATION DETAILS
----------------------
Different Brainfuck interpreters exist with slightly different semantics.  This
implementation mostly follows Urban Müller's original specification.

The tape is bounded on the left, but infinite on the right. The tape head starts
at the left end of the tape; decrementing the pointer there yields a runtime
error.  The -m option allows the user to specify a memory limit to impose on the
tape, effectively bounding it on the right too, which is useful for debugging.

Every cell can store 256 ordered values, and these wrap around: incrementing the
255th value yields 0, and decrementing 0 yields the 255th value.  The -w option
enables runtime wraparound detection; this is mainly useful for programmers that
want to avoid wraparound out of principle.

When reading fails, the interpreter leaves the current cell unchanged by
default.  The -z option allows this behaviour to be changed to writing a
specific value to the cell when reading fails.  Note that failure includes
both end-of-file and true reading errors.

The -d option causes the interpreter to recognize a special character ('!' by
default) as a command to break into the built-in debugger.

The interpreter warns about but accepts source code with non-matching brackets.
There is no guarantee they are parsed as intended.

The interpreter is always safe (it prevents reads or writes outside the tape)
but when optimizations are enabled with -O, some error conditions like moving
the tape head out of bounds, or wrapping cell values, may no longer be detected.
